Added some hints how to survive the trusted_domains issue with docker (#1017)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/migrating.adoc

the event that a load-balancer is in place, there will be no issues as
long as it sends the correct `X-Forwarded-Host` header.

> In case of a docker based setup, the trusted_domains setting is controlled by the environment variables `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` or `OWNCLOUD_DOMAIN`. The latter takes only effect, if `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` is undefined and can provide one IP-addres or hostname. `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` can specify multiple values as a comma-separated list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a docker based setup, the trusted_domains setting is controlled by the environment variables `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` or `OWNCLOUD_DOMAIN`. The latter only takes effect, if `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` is undefined and can provide one IP-address or hostname. `OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS` can specify multiple values as a comma-separated list. 
```

> Here is an example, how this can be used from within a docker-compose.yml file to allow access to ownCloud under two differnet names, and one IP-address, in addition to localhost and 127.0.0.1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how this can be used from within a docker-compose.yml file to allow access to ownCloud under two different names, and one IP-address, in addition to localhost and 127.0.0.1:
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
services:
  owncloud:
    image: "owncloud/server:{latest-server-version}"
    environment:

>       OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS: "myowncloud.mydomain.com, myowncloud, 12.23.34.45"

Reviewer: Does it work OK with a space character after each comma?

Author: yes :-) it does:
```
  if (getenv('OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS') != '') {
    $domain = array_map('trim', explode(',', getenv('OWNCLOUD_TRUSTED_DOMAINS')));
  } else {
    $domain = [explode(':', getenv('OWNCLOUD_DOMAIN'))[0]];
  }
```
